data-in-tables: Add questions to the review section of the activity (#26)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-2: data-in-tables/activity-data-in-tables.md

## How to Review

> 1. Why wouldn’t Craigslist just store this data in a list of dictionaries? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Agreeing with Ansel's comment, this question is a pretty high-level evaluation question. It feels like it's trying to get students to justify why craigslist would store data in tables (or possibly in a database which, as Ansel mentioned, hasn't been defined at this point). Similarly, I wouldn't expect students to be on the ["evaluation" level](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bloom%27s_taxonomy#Evaluation) of determining why craigslist _wouldn't_ store it in a list of dictionaries, making those "why" conclusions requires understanding and comparison.

Author: I'm curious to understand what's wrong with inviting them into this more exploratory thinking in a safe space like classroom discussion where they don't need to have the correct answer and the instructor will offer the correct answer after they've thought about it.

> 1. Why would it be more work to add a new column to one of these tables than to add a row?

Reviewer: I'm not sure what kind of answer you're looking for, besides repeating the callout that's in the "Data in Tables" activity, which is moreso a fact to recall.

I wouldn't expect students to be able to answer _why_, especially since this Tables lesson lives in the abstract and we haven't talked about database management systems.

```suggestion
1. Is it more work to add a new column to one of these tables, or to add a row to one of these tables?
```

Here's a suggestion for a way to phrase the question that's closer to the Knowledge/Understanding level.

By the way, what part of the activity would directly inform the answer to this question? I'm trying to figure out which part the student would look back on in order to find the answer for this question.

Author: I wouldn't say there's a part of the activity that would inform this. It just seemed like the right spot for it since its the first classroom time with databases, and students did have the answer in scissors today. But I'm open to the input that this belongs in tomorrow's or Wed's activity instead

> 1. In Part 2, did the columns for a post in "services" differ from the columns for a post in "for sale"? In what ways? Can a couple groups share what they got for part 2.3?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Part 2, did the columns for a post in "services" differ from the columns for a post in "for sale"? In what ways?
```

Since I'd like to avoid the curriculum being a script, would you mind if we left out this sharing prompt?
